Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Um... Please tell me you're joking.
It's rustic.
That was a fox.
A very rustic fox.
You're obviously not getting it.
Just picture it in a few hours. right?
It's gonna be night.
The stars will be out.
And... I've got her this.
Josh. It's beautiful.
It'll just be me and Kat.
And the foxes.
Yeah. and the foxes.
It's gonna be amazing. You'll see.
What is going on. Aqua?
Why did you attack Brendan?
Stacey told me it was Brendan
who'd been saying these things about Josh.
What things?
Saying he'd tricked some woman
and stolen all her money.
Josh wouldn't do that.
I saw Brendan coming out of your place.
I was just trying to look out for Josh.
You know. like he always
looked out for me.
What does that mean?
I wasn't trying to hurt Brendan.
I just needed to understand why he was
trying to get Josh into trouble. so...
Yeah. I followed him.
But I knew I was right
when I heard what he was saying.
I'm talking to the police about
this guy she's been seeing. Josh Buchanan.
This Josh guy. he... he's dangerous.
I panicked.
I just thought if I could find out
who he was talking to
or stop him spreading lies about Josh...
She's with this Josh.
and he's not letting me talk to her.
Something's wrong.
How did they catch you?
They tracked Brendan's phone to my house.
Not exactly a master criminal.
What am I missing. my love?
'Cause I... I... I feel like
you're not telling me the truth.
- Did Josh ask you to do this?
- Josh would never do that.
- You knew him better than anyone.
- Well. turns out not so much.
Josh loved you.
He gave up everything for you.
Don't you understand?
Understand what. Aqua?
Aqua?
- I can't think.
- Aqua...
All right. Sorry. It's okay. It's okay.
Aqua. come and have a lie down.
Heya.
Come here.
You okay?
- She's sleeping. so let's go outside.
- Okay.
Is Aqua okay?
Not really.
I haven't seen her like this
in a very long time.
Aqua said that she was trying
to protect Josh.
Protect him from what?
She thinks she might've seen him
a few months ago.
so she must have spoken to him then.
He must've said something to her
for her to react like this.
- I can't help if she's not honest with me.
- Kat.
Aqua was telling the truth.
She didn't speak to Josh.
I did.
I was there.
I saw Aqua looking at someone.
and I recognized Josh
from one of her photos. so
I followed him.
What did you say?
- I told him to leave you alone.
- Is this where I'm meant to laugh?
- 'Cause please tell me you're joking.
- What was I supposed to say?
I see some ex-boyfriend of yours.
who you're too traumatized
to even talk about.
stalking you in a park.
Of course I went after him.
Did he say why he was there?
'Cause he probably came for a reason.
Well. I... I... I don't know.
I... told him to go.
and he... he did.
Why would you do that?
You don't know Josh.
- I know what he did to you.
- You weren't there.
You have no idea what we went through.
I should have told you. I'm sorry.
I just thought
if I could help you find Josh now.
it would make up for what I did to you.
Kat.
No. I can't do this right now.
Hi. Charlie.
I know you're still suspended.
but you need to hear this.
- That bank account that Dana paid into.
- The Swiss one?
A financial adviser submitted
a Suspicious Activity Report
for the same account.
Okay. good find. Who's the adviser?
A guy called Ashkan Chuback.
I'm gonna check it out now.
Send me the address.
I'll meet you there.
- I'm not sure you should.
- I'm not asking.
Platform 1 for the tram to...
Are you sure
this is the right address?
Well. this is the place. I checked.
Hello?
DC Charlie Pitts
and DI Kat Donovan.
We're here to see Ashkan Chuback.
Hello?
Ashkan Chuback?
In here.
Hello. You're Ashkan Chuback?
Call me Chewie.
A senior partner
at Parsons. Chuback. Mitnick & Bushwell
Investments and Securities?
A little less floor space
than I was expecting.
- Where are your partners?
- Don't have any.
Well then. who are Parsons.
Mitnick. and Bushwell?
Three guys I played cricket with
in year seven.
I just used their name for the masthead.
Sounds fancy?
- And misleading.
- But not a crime though.
How can I help?
You submitted a Suspicious Activity Report
for a Swiss bank account.
We need to know why. Who was the client?
I... I wouldn't be
much of a financial adviser
if I gave away people's secrets
just because you asked nicely.
Says the man lying about
working out of his mum's garage.
They pay me to be discreet.
They don't care about
my. living situation.
Just tell us who the client is.
A woman is missing
that is linked to that account.
okay. so if you're helping someone
involved in. um. I don't know.
kidnapping. financial fraud...
Fine. Let's...
Let's see what your clients think
about the decor in here.
- Maybe you can say the fish is Parsons.
- No. no. Okay. Okay.
My client sent some money to an account.
I had concerns. so I reported it.
Okay? I... I don't know anything
about a kidnapping.
And the client is?
He's called Rishi Magari.
This Rishi Magari?
One and the same.
Did he say who he was sending the money to
or what it was for?
No. I. I tried to call him.
Nothing. He never called me back.
Okay. so that's why you submitted
the Suspicious Activity Report?
Sort of.
The money was weird.
but the woman...
- That was the crazy part.
- What woman?
Well. a... a few months ago.
Rishi started talking about this woman.
He was obsessed with her.
Met her online
on some. dating app.
- ... Melody...
- Cupid.
Melody Cupid. Yeah. the one...
The music one.
He said her name was Vanessa.
Sent me
this.
Solid ten out of ten?
One week. he's obsessed with her.
Next thing.
he's sending half his portfolio
to some random Swiss bank account.
Had to be a scam.
Did he say anything more about her?
A surname. an address?
Didn't have to.
I. reverse image searched
the picture he sent.
and... boom. I found her.
Meet Vanessa.
She's a cam girl.
Into all that foot stuff.
Told you. Total scam.
Hi. this is Charlie's voicemail.
Please leave a message.
Is Charlie about?
Haven't seen him this morning.
He's at a training thing.
He'll be there all day.
He's on email if you need him though.
I'll miss you too.
Have a great time. okay?
- Come here.
- I love you.
Yeah. I'll see you soon.
Love you. Be safe.
I will.
Sit.
Thank you.
- Water?
- Yes. please.
We have a problem. Dana.
You lied to me.
I didn't lie.
You said you'd given us access
to all your bank accounts.
But you missed one. Your son's trust fund.
But that's not my money.
You're his guardian.
He can't access it until he's 25.
You can authorize payments
and transactions.
You're in charge of it.
My husband set up the trust.
and I'm the guardian.
But Brendan.
he has to sign off any transactions.
I can't just take out the money myself.
That... that money's his future.
If anything happens to me--
If?
Do you know why I love dogs so much?
You know exactly where you are with a dog.
They never lie to you.
Incapable of deceit.
Theirs is the truest form of love. Pure.
Honest.
I know what it's like
to have your heart broken.
Falling in love is such a risk. isn't it?
You're diving into the abyss.
just hoping there's that one
special person there to catch you.
There isn't.
Your perfect person
doesn't exist.
People are unreliable.
This is a gift I'm giving you.
I'm showing you
what the world is really like.
True love
is a myth.
We'll talk again later.
So I just spoke to the cam girl.
Real name Catalina.
She says she hasn't talked to Rishi.
Timestamps on her live feeds prove
she couldn't have been
meeting Rishi last week.
so if he was meeting anyone
at the cottage. it wasn't her.
Well. it must be a catfish.
Dana and Rishi. both widowers.
Probably had life insurance. pensions...
Well. we know Rishi was lonely.
Not exactly a party animal.
Wouldn't have been hard to get
his attention with a picture of Catalina.
Well. that explains your ex. doesn't it?
Well. if her picture was stolen.
then surely Josh's was too.
Josh isn't involved.
No. it doesn't look like it.
- It was never really him.
- Are you okay?
- His photo's being used to catfish.
- Yes. Like they did with Catalina.
What do you want me to do next?
I can keep looking into her.
Make sure she's not involved.
Unless you wanna talk to her?
Not whilst I'm suspended.
We've got two people missing.
on the same dating app.
You gotta tell Stagger.
You okay with that?
Us taking over the case?
No. of course not.
But Nia's been desperate to lead.
She'll be great.
What are you gonna do
while you're off?
You don't strike me as the. spa type.
I still need...
Well. I still wanna find Josh.
I found some of his old articles
I thought I could use to track him down.
Do you think he's still writing?
For sure. He never would've been able
to give that up.
Try. um. AI Text Compare.
It should find articles
that match Josh's style of writing.
And will that still find him
even if he's writing under a pseudonym?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
No. the articles will pop up.
They should lead you to Josh.
Okay.
What about the fingerprints?
Have they come back yet?
The ones on my dad's murder weapon?
No. not yet.
but I'll... I'll check when I get back in.
All right.
Thanks.
You and Nia will be fine without me.
Being in nature
is the best caffeine.
There's this African legend
that says the baobab was so beautiful
that the gods planted it upside down
to punish it.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I love it out here.
Being in nature is the best caffeine.
- You summoned me?
- I did.
Because you forgive me?
You tell me everything from now on. okay?
Even things
that you think I'm not ready to hear.
Yes.
Come here. Have a look at this.
So I've been using this AI thing
to look for Josh's writing style online.
and I found this newsletter
written by someone
who goes by "The Honest Aspect."
No real name. but...
it's Josh.
I'm sure of it.
Okay. Okay. this... this is good.
And he has 25.000 paid subscribers.
Bloody hell. someone's doing well.
Okay. well. all these payments
must be going somewhere.
If we can find the company linked to
these payments. we can get an address.
Yeah. I couldn't find anything online.
He's covered his tracks pretty well.
Easy. All cheaters love to hide money.
I know exactly how to find cash
that people wanna keep hidden.
Give me... a couple of hours?
I've occasionally been accused of being
a touch rash.
Really?
I jumped to conclusions
about the kind of man Josh was.
but clearly you loved him a lot.
so he would've had to
have been pretty special.
I'm sorry.
- Are you gonna explain the outfit?
- It's for a job.
Apparently. playing squash
makes married men horny or something.
It's concerning.
What do you think?
Do I let him win.
or would he be more attracted
to the woman that whoops his ass?
- I don't know.
- I'll wing it.
I will call you
as soon as I find something.
Don't worry. I got you.
Clint betrayed us.
Your dad was working for Calligan.
I wasn't paid to kill him.
I was paid to take the fall.
Hey. Your mum came over for breakfast.
Told me about your chat.
Said you knew what your dad got up to.
Thought you might have a few questions.
Come here.
How are you holding up. baby girl?
I've had better weeks.
Mum told me about Dad's affair.
You worked at the station.
What was it like back then?
Those men.
I mean. there might've been
a few good ones.
But for most of them.
being in a place like that just fed
the worst parts of their rotten souls.
And that's who Dad was?
Wasn't unusual back then.
They were all messing around.
I don't know when it started. but
that flat of yours.
yeah. that was their special little place.
Your dad worked so hard
to keep her a secret.
Why. if they were all doing it?
I think it was more
than just a casual fling.
When your dad died.
I had this feeling that
maybe... that girl
had something to do with it.
How? What do you mean?
I don't know. It was just... just a feeling.
- And what about Calligan?
- What about him?
You grew up round here.
You must've known him when you were kids.
Yeah. not personally.
But. yeah. I... I knew who he was.
We all just steered clear.
I mean. Calligan was that kid. you know?
People used to say
that you'd pass him in the corridor
and you'd feel. like. a chill.
Pets in the neighborhood would disappear
when he was around.
if you know what I'm saying.
I don't know
if Calligan knew the girl.
I got her name.
Who is she?
If you track her down.
you really think that's gonna help?
Looking into the eyes of that woman?
I don't want you to get hurt. love.
Parker. That's all I got.
Parker? Is that a surname?
That's all I got. Parker.
I wish you'd let this be.
But I know you won't.
I don't know what kind of truth
you're gonna find out there.
but I don't think you're gonna like it.
Yeah. I see.
Well. thank you for the update. Cheerio.
The bank called.
My Swiss account's been frozen.
They refused to tell me the reason.
- Maybe they're investigating us.
- But why?
We've taken all the same precautions
we always do. The same protocols.
Has anything unusual happened?
Anything out of the ordinary?
There was a small thing last week.
We think someone recognized
the photo we used.
Started asking the profile odd questions.
Show me.
The mark that recognized the picture.
Show him.
"Songprince" is one of our profiles.
She's one of the women
who tried to match with him.
She asked too many questions.
We blocked her.
Bring up the police press conference
on number eight.
Thank you for coming.
I'm Detective Kat Donovan.
Fucking hell. Is that...?
The same woman.
- Today. we're appealing for...
- Detective Inspector Kat Donovan.
...of Rishi Magari.
Is she trying to entrap us?
What did she say in her message?
...wearing a gray jacket.
blue tie. and a stripey gray shirt.
His disappearance is...
She calls him Josh.
Well. that's not the name we gave him.
So she isn't trying to entrap us.
She knows the man in the picture.
Rishi. if you can see this message.
please contact us
to let us know that you're safe.
We have to find out
exactly what the detective knows
and if we need her eliminated.
Find her address.
Reynaldo. come on.
And. you can cull number six.
We've got what we can.
She's useless to us now.
Bo. come here. boy.
Come on. boy.
Bo. come here. Good boy.
Do we have
the detective's address?
- Yeah. Just came in.
- Let's go.
- Heya.
- Hey.
I found something.
Josh?
So I tracked Josh's newsletter payments
to a single company.
Looked through every single document
filed under The Honest Aspect.
looking for any slip-up.
- He slipped up?
- He did.
When he first opened the account.
he linked it to a PO box. number 578.
The name on the PO box is Reggie Cross.
- That's the name that Brendan found.
- I know.
Kat. we are so close now.
I can be there in a couple of hours.
No. no. I'll go.
Thank you.
Okay. Be careful.
I'm gonna get this. please.
and collecting a package for 127.
Yep. Can I see your ID. please?
Yeah. sure.
- There you go.
- Thanks. Be right back.
There you go.
- All right. See you next week.
- Bye.
Hiya. Collecting for 241.
Can I see your ID. please?
Yeah.
Just one moment.
Um. this ID doesn't match.
My God. I'm an idiot.
I'm collecting for my neighbor.
Forgot to bring their ID.
Um. I'll be back. Thanks.
578. please.
- Thanks. Jess.
- My pleasure.
See you later.
Hello again.
Can I help you?
Hi.
I'm Detective Inspector Kat Donovan.
I'm looking for Reggie Cross.
- Don't know anyone by that name.
- What about Josh Buchanan?
- Is he here?
- No.
Sorry. I need to speak to him.
It's just me here. No Josh.
No Reggie. Can't help you. officer.
Leave me alone.
Taylor!
Turns out Josh didn't set up
his profile. Some kid did.
Come on. Taylor.
- Where am I?
- Follow me.
Kat Donovan.
Finally.
I bet you've pictured
meeting me for a while.
I have.
Was it anything like this?
No. you were in handcuffs.
Sorry about the journey.
I have a flair for the dramatic.
You can leave us. Leslie.
What a name. "Leslie."
Care to sit?
Why am I here?
You've waited a long time.
so here's your chance.
Ask me.
Did you have my father killed?
No.
- Am I just supposed to believe you?
- Sure. Why not?
Look at this face.
I ask you.
does this look like the face of a liar?
Looks like the face
of someone who's done a fair bit of evil.
The world's an evil place.
You know that. You're a cop.
Me?
I'm just trying to tread my way through
these treacherous waters we call life.
- Don't believe everything you hear.
- Like you took a claw hammer to a kid?
Exactly like that.
Can I let you in on a little secret?
Never happened.
the whole claw-hammer story.
Urban myth. I made it up.
Tee-hee!
The wee young Irish new boy
everyone was picking on?
He became the psycho everyone feared.
So you've never killed anyone?
We all kill. Kat.
God created a planet in which
every creature murders to survive.
A lion takes down a gazelle.
So cruel. but if he doesn't. he dies.
Simple as that.
That's the world God made. like it or not.
You're not here to listen to an old man
prattle on about the world's
philosophical underpinnings.
Take a seat.
I have certain things
I need to tell you about your dad.
So you understand and can let this go.
Take a seat.
He was a good man. your father.
I liked him.
We started out as enemies of a sort.
but... we came to an understanding.
I was hoping you and I
might have an understanding too.
God. no. no.
Don't worry. Kat.
I'm not looking to corrupt you.
I'm not suggesting we have
any kind of official arrangement.
Something maybe more a bit like. um...
a détente.
What do you want?
You have questions about
your father's murder. I may have answers.
I tell you what I know.
and in exchange. you and me...
Détente. I got it.
Okay.
I didn't kill your father.
He was an asset to me. not a hindrance.
If someone is a hindrance to me.
I could take them out in a boat.
put a bullet in their head.
There's a spot off the coast
the locals call the Black Hole.
No one knows how deep it is.
Something gets dumped down there.
it's never coming back up.
- Sounds like a threat.
- Not at all.
It's just a useful bit of knowledge.
Leburne didn't kill my father. did he?
He did not. no.
So why did he confess?
Monte was loyal.
The police arrested him for two jobs.
I wasn't worried.
- He knew what he had to do.
- Keep you out of it.
And he did.
It was all going terribly well.
but then. a few days later.
Monte asked my permission
to confess to a third murder.
one I knew nothing about. out of nowhere.
And that was my dad's.
Why?
What would he gain
by pretending to kill a policeman?
What did you have
for breakfast this morning?
You're a busy sort.
You strike me as a smashed avocado
and rye bread kind of person.
Now picture your breakfast inside.
For the rest of your life.
Plain toast.
One of those little
kiddie boxes of cereal if you're lucky.
Lunch. dinner.
not much better. to be honest.
Every day the same.
Now imagine someone offers you
the chance to mix things up a little.
A treat here or there.
A solo cell.
Maybe a better job.
A good one in the kitchens.
What wouldn't you confess to
for an easier life?
Now. that's not easy to sort.
You'd have to have someone
with connections on the inside.
A prison officer. maybe.
Or a policeman.
You're suggesting a policeman?
What. that surprises you?
Do you think your dad was the only one?
Your father was a complicated man. Kat.
Perfect husband. Perfect dad.
Except lights go out. night falls.
and Mr. Hyde comes out to play.
That's who I did business with.
Your father didn't just have
a demon or two whispering in his ears.
He had a whole fucking choir
of fallen angels on his shoulders.
I don't know who killed your father.
That's the truth.
But if you're asking
about the most likely suspects.
only a policeman could have killed Clint.
covered it up. and got to Monte.
You know that's the truth.
Now. if there's anything else?
Parker.
Tell me about Parker.
You know about Parker?
I know enough.
So why are you asking me?
Can you help me find her?
Maybe you're right.
Maybe it is time
to let all the secrets out.
This is The Chariot Race.
painted by Alexander von Wagner in 1872.
- Impressive.
- Yeah. it is.
I own it.
I loaned it to the museum.
My way of giving something back.
But I miss it.
So I come here some days.
sit down. and look at it.
Leslie!
I'll help you find Parker.
Then you and I are done.
You forget about me.
and I'll forget about you.
Détente.
Please let me go home.
I won't tell anyone. Please!
Wait there.
Hello. Bo!
Hello. boy! Who's a good boy?
Come on.
What's wrong with you? Get up!
Come on. Taylor.
Taylor.
Let's go.
The longer we take. the further she gets.
Once you get to the main road.
back here!
Hey. Hi.
Hi. I was at your house earlier.
I wonder if you can help me.
I'm looking for someone. Um...
Grandad says I can't talk to you.
I'm just looking for Reggie Cross
or Josh Buchanan.
I think you set up
a Facebook profile for him.
Dad. why is she asking about you?
I'm right here. Kat.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-